Add new TreeGrid and RovingTabIndex components (#19799)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/block-editor/src/components/tree-grid/README.md

# TreeGrid components

> `TreeGrid`, `TreeGridRow`, and `TreeGridCell` are components used to add keyboard navigation and a roving tab index to a tree grid. 

Author: ```suggestion
`TreeGrid`, `TreeGridRow`, and `TreeGridCell` are components used to create a tree hierarchy. They're not visually styled components, but instead help with adding keyboard navigation and roving tab index behaviours to tree grid structures. 
```

					( props ) => <Button onClick={ onMoveUp } { ...props }>Move Up</Button>
				</TreeGridCell>
				<TreeGridCell>
					( props ) => <Button onClick={ onMoveDown } { ...props }>Move Down</Button>
				</TreeGridCell>
			</TreeGridRow>
		</TreeGrid>
	);
}
```

# TreeGrid

## Properties

`TreeGrid` accepts no specific props. Any props specified will be passed to the `table` element rendered by `TreeGrid`.

`TreeGrid` should always have children.

# TreeGridRow

## Properties

Additional props other than those specified below will be passed to the `tr` element rendered by `TreeGridRow`, so for example, it is possible to also set a `className` on a row.

### `level: number`

An integer value designating the level in the hierarchical tree structure. Counting starts at 1. A value of `1` indicates the root level of the structure.

### `positionInSet: number`

An integer value that represents the position in the set. A set is the count of elements at a specific level. Counting starts at 1.

### `setSize: number`

An integer value that represents the total number of items in the set ... that is the total number of items at this specific level of the hierarchy.

### `isExpanded: boolean`

> An optional value that designates whether a row is expanded or collapsed. Currently this value only sets the correct aria-expanded property on a row, it has no other built-in behaviour.

Author: Maybe I should just use the `aria-` equivalents of these props rather than aliasing them?

Reviewer: Having those custom props may be useful for supporting React Native as well in the future.

# TreeGridCell

## Properties

> `TreeGridCell` accepts no specific props. Any props specified will be passed to the `table` element rendered by `TreeGridCell`.

Author: ```suggestion
`TreeGridCell` accepts no specific props. Any props specified will be passed to the `td` element rendered by `TreeGridCell`.
```
